[Collapse] Add orientation and horizontal support (#20619)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/transitions/transitions.md

## Collapse

Expand from the start edge of the child element.

> Use `orientation` property if you need horizontal collapse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `orientation` prop if you need a horizontal collapse.
```

> The `collapsedSize` property can be used to set the minimum width/height when not expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `collapsedSize` prop can be used to set the minimum width/height when not expanded.
```
